L40s and python (#17)
ImperialCollegeLondon/icl-rcs-user-guide: docs/hpc/pilot/cx3-phase2.md

    The content will continue to be updated inline with testing on the new platform.

> CX3 Phase 2 is a project to migrate the CX3 HPC system to a new server management platform, enabling better management of the operating system and more timely security updates.This upgrade will also enable a significant upgrade to the job scheduler, ensuring better resource management and isolation of jobs when they are running. We are currently migrating hardware and with the eventail goal the entirety of the CX3 facility will move to this new platform.

Author: ```suggestion
CX3 Phase 2 is a project to migrate the CX3 HPC system to a new server management platform, enabling better management of the operating system and more timely security updates. This upgrade will also enable a significant upgrade to the job scheduler, ensuring better resource management and isolation of jobs when they are running. We are currently migrating hardware with the eventual goal of moving the entirety of the CX3 facility to this new platform.
```

The purpose of this document is to provide information on how to use CX Phase 2, particularly those differences as compared to the original CX3. Please remember that as this service is in a pre-production phase, services including compute nodes are expected to fail from time to time.

## Access

> Access to CX3 Phase 2 is controlled in the way that it is for the original CX3 - there are no additional access steps. More information on accessing the centraly provided HPC facility can be found at [get-access](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/admin-services/ict/self-service/research-support/rcs/get-access/)

Author: ```suggestion
Access to CX3 Phase 2 is controlled in the same way that it is for the original CX3 - there are no additional access steps. More information on accessing the centrally provided HPC facility can be found at [get-access](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/admin-services/ict/self-service/research-support/rcs/get-access/)
```

## CX3 Phase 2 Specification

* Compute Nodes
    * 53 * Intel nodes: 2 x Intel Xeon Platinum 8358 (Ice Lake) 2.60GHz 32-core processors; 64 cores per node; 512 GB RAM per node; 4 GB RAM per core.
    * 36 * AMD Rome with 2x AMD EPYC 7742 64-Core Processor (Rome); 128 cores per node; 1TB per node; 8 GB Ram per core.
* GPU Nodes

>     * 9 x Intel nodes, 2 x Intel Xeon Platinum 8358 (Ice Lake) 2.60GHz 32-core processors; 64 cores per node; 1 TB RAM, 8 x [L40S](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/data-center/l40s/) 48GB GDDR6 GPUs per node.

Author: ````suggestion
    * 7 x Intel nodes, 2 x Intel Xeon Platinum 8358 (Ice Lake) 2.60GHz 32-core processors; 64 cores per node; 1 TB RAM, 8 x [L40S](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/data-center/l40s/) 48GB GDDR6 GPUs per node.
```

Software installed on the cluster is accessible on CX3 Phase 2 using the module system, as it is for the original CX3. However, the old modules are no longer accessible, only the modules built using EasyBuild are immediately available, along with some binary packages such as Matlab. If you require software from the old module system, please raise a ticket so we can check it's compatibility with the new platform.

### Python and Conda Environments
It is possible to use Conda environments created using the old anaconda3/personal module however the loading menthod is a little different. Load conda with

```console
eval "$(~/anaconda3/bin/conda shell.bash hook)"
```

From then on you can load your conda environments as before, so in a job you would have something like,

```console
eval "$(~/anaconda3/bin/conda shell.bash hook)"
source activate tf2_env
```

where tf2_env is an example of an environment you created with the anaconda3/personal module on the old system. This system works for old environments but when creating new conda environments we recommend installing Miniconda following the instructions below.

> #### Miniconda

Author: There probs needs to be a wider comment on this but for setting up new envs we got put in a remove and add, Something like,

```
conda config --remove channels defaults
conda config --add channels conda-forge
```

> #### Miniconda

Author: [@4cb6a05](https://github.com/ImperialCollegeLondon/icl-rcs-user-guide/commit/4cb6a05df56aa544fecb9a1cbef0a56c551b7c1e)

> #### Miniconda

Reviewer: Looks good.
